Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Jump to content Main menu Main menu move to sidebar hide Navigation Main page Contents Current events Random article About Wikipedia Contact us Donate Contribute Help Learn to edit Community portal Recent changes Upload file Search Create account Log in Personal tools Create account Log in Pages for logged out editors learn more Contributions Talk Main Page Main Page Talk English Read View source View history Tools Tools move to sidebar hide Actions Read View source View history General What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Cite this page Wikidata item Print/export Download as PDF Printable version In other projects Wikimedia Commons MediaWiki Meta-Wiki Multilingual Wikisource Wikispecies Wikibooks Wikidata Wikinews Wikiquote Wikisource Wikiversity Wikivoyage Wiktionary From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Welcome to Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia that anyone can edit. 6,635,314 articles in English From today's featured article John Nolan, guitarist and vocalist Tell All Your Friends is the debut studio album by American rock band Taking Back Sunday, released on March 26, 2002, through Victory Records. Forming in 1999, the group underwent several line-up changes before settling on vocalist Adam Lazzara, guitarist and vocalist John Nolan (pictured), guitarist Eddie Reyes, bassist Shaun Cooper, and drummer Mark O'Connell. They recorded the album with producer Sal Villanueva at Big Blue Meenie Recording Studio in New Jersey. After the release, they promoted it with various tours of the US alongside Brand New and the Used. Nolan and Cooper then left the group in 2003 and were replaced by Fred Mascherino and Matt Rubano, respectively. Soon afterwards, they went on a co-headlining tour with Saves the Day to close out the year. The album is the longest-running release of Victory Records on the US Billboard magazine's Heatseekers and Independent Albums charts at 68 and 78 weeks, respectively. Certified gold in the US, it has sold a million copies worldwide. (Full article...) Recently featured: Jim Lovell Nelson's Pillar Herbie Hewett Archive By email More featured articles About Did you know ... Frances Cleveland ... that Frances Cleveland (pictured) was the first United States first lady to have dedicated journalists write about her activities? ... that the Stanhope Demonstrator was the first machine to solve problems in logic? ... that in 1993, Indonesia's home affairs minister Yogie Suardi Memet used thugs to disrupt the opposition Indonesian Democratic Party's national congress? ... that Colonel Mohamed Hashi Lihle's speech after freeing more than 700 prisoners from Mandera Prison first popularized the Somali National Movement in Somaliland? ... that American football fullback Harry Bolick was described as being a more effective blocker than an iron fence? ... that Bayfront MRT station in Singapore has public art that features ships powered by whales and dragons, hand-drawn by children? ... that the "updown" singer piri funded her music career by setting up an OnlyFans account? ... that An Introduction to the Three Volumes of Karl Marx's Capital was considered unusual for introducing the three volumes of Karl Marx's Capital? Archive Start a new article Nominate an article In the news Shohei Ohtani At least 25 people are killed in a tornado outbreak in Mississippi and Alabama, United States. The World Baseball Classic concludes with Japan defeating the United States for the championship (MVP Shohei Ohtani pictured). An earthquake in Afghanistan and Pakistan kills at least 30 people and injures more than 380 others. Swiss bank UBS announces its intention to acquire its competitor Credit Suisse in a government-brokered deal. The International Criminal Court issues arrest warrants for Russian president Vladimir Putin and Russian official Maria Lvova-Belova for the abduction of children from Ukraine. Ongoing: French pension reform strikes Russian invasion of Ukraine Recent deaths: Gordon Moore Virginia Zeani Laura Valenzuela Lance Reddick Gloria Dea Robert Lindsay Nominate an article On this day March 26 William Caxton 1484 – William Caxton (pictured) printed the first English translation of Aesop's Fables. 1873 – A Dutch military expedition was launched to bombard Banda Aceh, the capital of the Aceh Sultanate in present-day Indonesia, beginning the Aceh War. 1896 – An explosion at the Brunner Mine in New Zealand killed 65 coal miners in the country's deadliest mining accident. 1917 – First World War: Attempting to advance into Palestine, the British were defeated by Ottoman troops at the First Battle of Gaza. 1953 – Jonas Salk announced the successful test of his polio vaccine on a small group of adults and children. Jacob van Eyck (d. 1657) James Hutton (d. 1797) Guido Stampacchia (b. 1922) More anniversaries: March 25 March 26 March 27 Archive By email List of days of the year Today's featured picture Somapura Mahavihara is a Buddhist vihara (monastery) at Paharpur in Badalgachhi, Bangladesh. Built during the reign of the second Pala king Dharmapala (circa 781 to 821), it was one of five great Mahaviharas of the period. It is considered one of the most important archaeological sites in the country and was designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1985. This aerial photograph, depicting the structure of the central shrine of Somapura Mahavihara, was taken in 2021. Photograph credit: Md. Ahsanul Haque Nayem Recently featured: Annunciation Gerty Cori Tomb of Mian Ghulam Kalhoro Archive More featured pictures Other areas of Wikipedia Community portal – The central hub for editors, with resources, links, tasks, and announcements. Village pump – Forum for discussions about Wikipedia itself, including policies and technical issues. Site news – Sources of news about Wikipedia and the broader Wikimedia movement. Teahouse – Ask basic questions about using or editing Wikipedia. Help desk – Ask questions about using or editing Wikipedia. Reference desk – Ask research questions about encyclopedic topics. Content portals – A unique way to navigate the encyclopedia. Wikipedia's sister projects Wikipedia is written by volunteer editors and hosted by the Wikimedia Foundation, a non-profit organization that also hosts a range of other volunteer projects: Commons Free media repository MediaWiki Wiki software development Meta-Wiki Wikimedia project coordination Wikibooks Free textbooks and manuals Wikidata Free knowledge base Wikinews Free-content news Wikiquote Collection of quotations Wikisource Free-content library Wikispecies Directory of species Wikiversity Free learning tools Wikivoyage Free travel guide Wiktionary Dictionary and thesaurus Wikipedia languages This Wikipedia is written in English. Many other Wikipedias are available; some of the largest are listed below. 1,000,000+ articles ??????? Deutsch Español Français Italiano Nederlands ??? Polski Português ????????? Svenska ??????????? Ti?ng Vi?t ?? 250,000+ articles Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Melayu Bân-lâm-gú ?????????? Català ?eština Dansk Esperanto Euskara ??????? ????? ??? Magyar Norsk Bokmål Român? Srpski Srpskohrvatski Suomi Türkçe 50,000+ articles Asturianu ????? Bosanski Eesti ???????? Simple English Gaeilge Galego Hrvatski ???????? Latviešu Lietuvi? ?????? ??????????? Norsk nynorsk Shqip Sloven??ina Slovenš??ina ??? Retrieved from "https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Main_Page&oldid=1114291180" 47 languages ??????? ????? ?????????? Bosanski Català ?eština Dansk Deutsch Eesti ???????? Español Esperanto Euskara ?????? Français Galego ??? Hrvatski Bahasa Indonesia Italiano ????? ???????? Latviešu Lietuvi? Magyar ??????????? Bahasa Melayu Nederlands ??? Norsk bokmål Norsk nynorsk Polski Português Român? ????????? Simple English Sloven??ina Slovenš??ina ??????? / srpski Srpskohrvatski / ????????????????? Suomi Svenska ??? Türkçe ??????????? Ti?ng Vi?t ?? This page was last edited on 5 October 2022, at 19:27 (UTC). Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License 3.0;additional terms may apply. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a non-profit organization. Privacy policy About Wikipedia Disclaimers Contact Wikipedia Mobile view Developers Statistics Cookie statement